{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13780\viewh13620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I will throw everything into this file and just go with it.\
\
My plan is to learn as much as I can about the fundamentals of a neural network so that I can utilize bigger systems effectively and get quick at the basic processes of NLP. I hope to learn the history of the neural net and how it connects to the broader discussion and fits within machine learning. I also want to see the precise mathematical objects that comprise neural nets and become fluent in the design and application of them. \
\
Throughout this project, I want to find a way to apply this to an interesting business application. Ideally, I would find a way to generate income myself and \'93prove\'94 my skill in effecting change within a business setting. Can I skillfully improve the economics of a project and create value using my understanding? \
\
else,\
\
Can I find areas to improve upon the existing architectures used and/or find creative combination and \'93solve\'94 something within this discussion?\
\
deepkoro was a brilliant solution to the problem of what should I work on for my project. Can I tie in what I am learning here to deepkoro in any way? Can I improve on the visualization of dk and keep the project moving? \
\
Finally, workflow, productivity and dealing with creativity in the face of decision making and economic constraints are connected to the consistent deepening of skills of completion and meeting deadlines. Basic business skills and professionalism are being exercised here. It is not all about talent and creative potential. \
\
I need to find the ways in which I execute effectively.  This project is one more thread in that tapestry. On work. }

Resources for further study
cs231